hey guys how are you doing today it is
so pretty outside and we are going to
head out into the real world and do a
little tech review on something that is
so clutch have you been around my
channel and you know I've been through
some lows I have posted several videos
when I have lost footage or lost iphone
pictures they lost three years it's very
sad case I reached out to me after I've
lost a lot of my iPhone pictures and
they sent me this product the data
traveller bowls this is a tiny Drive
that you plug directly into your iphone
or ipad to backup your photos and videos
instantly or to just expand your memory
that's what about you can put it in this
handy keychain so you're always going to
have it on you I am a added
iPhoneography always taking pictures and
videos and lately I have added some cool
iPhone lenses to my arsenal so what a
better time to go out and shoot and test
out see Kingston bolts
[Music]
how we adventure to Central Park yeah
let's go there
ready
so we are in the middle of Central Park
I forgot that I downloaded one more
documentary from iTunes
last night and I only had 500 megabytes
of storage left in my iPhone so this is
a very practical reason of in the middle
of all this people we have fun to be had
and I've no more storage left in my
iPhone so I have a legit reason to use
this bolt
so I'm gonna transfer old stuff
so this is where you decide if you want
to use it purely as a backup so you want
to keep your pictures and videos on your
iPhone or you delete in order to make
more space on your iPhone and the
transfer is happening
[Music]
[Applause]
finally back at the apartment and the
Sun is setting we were outside for so
long but it was so enjoyable it's
honestly insane how small the Kingston
bolt is and I love that they made it
this keychain thing because it will
always be on your keys and the most
times you need something back up or
extra storage is when you're not
thinking about it you're out of a shoot
you're having family time taking
pictures of the kids by the beach you
run out of storage what do you do maybe
you don't have signal to access the
cloud this is such a handy thing to just
have on you at all times
just in case you need it so all the
footage you saw was successfully
captured onto the bolt and transferred
onto my computer most of the time I
would use my Kingston bolt for those
times like in Central Park where I need
a little bit of space to free up so I
would put some of the footage on here
now I want to see how quick how long it
actually takes to transfer 2 or 3 gigs
over to this so I'm going to start the
timer and also transfer my favorites
folder so it's 321 photos 54 videos it
comes out to about 2.7 get so I'm gonna
go into the Bulls app there's already a
shortcut for favorite so I'm going to
click that but keep and then the
transfer begins
[Music]
so it is officially over it took a total
of three minutes in 19 seconds this is
such a simple idea but I think it is so
needed for the iPhone because on other
phones like androids you actually have
swappable storage so you can add as much
memory as you need or add in another
card this basically does that job for
you and it has this usb on the other
side so you can go straight from your
phone right into a computer thank you to
Kingston for sponsoring this video and
empowering creators with tools to create
with congratulations if you stuck around
for the end of the video because we are
doing a giveaway Kingston is giving away
two of the 128 gigabyte bolts so they
can be yours make sure to check the
details on the giveaway in the
description below thank you guys so much
for watching let me know what you think
about the bolt in the comments down
below let me know if you liked this
video smash that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
and remember stay peachy okay
[Music]